README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.js`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

updated readme file and added some snapshots

README.md, after:

# StudyBuddy 📚✨

## About 🧐

StudyBuddy is an innovative app designed to help students prepare for their lectures by providing them with essential content beforehand. By reviewing lecture summaries and flashcards, students can gain basic knowledge of the topics and enhance their understanding during the lecture. 🚀

## Features 🔥

- Upload lecture documents and get simple summaries.
- Generate interactive flashcards based on lecture content.
- Scoreboard to track your progress and performance. 🏆

## Tech Used 🛠️

- **Frontend**: Next.js
- **Backend**: Supabase
- **Styling**: Tailwind CSS
- **Additional Libraries**: React, Radix UI, and more!

## Images of the Product 🖼️

Here are some snapshots of StudyBuddy:

- **Home Page**  
  ![StudyBuddy Home](./public/studybuddy-1.jpeg)

- **Upload Document Page**  
  ![Upload Document](./public/studybuddy-2.jpeg)

- **Lecture Summary View**  
  ![Lecture Summary](./public/studybuddy-3.jpeg)

- **Flashcards Page**  
  ![Flashcards](./public/studybuddy-4.jpeg)

- **Scoreboard Page**  
  ![Scoreboard](./public/studybuddy-5.jpeg)

- **Settings Page**  
  ![Settings](./public/studybuddy-6.jpeg)

- **Help Page**  
  ![Help](./public/studybuddy-7.jpeg)
